Add email link same device/browser setting docs (#1044)
clerk/clerk-docs: docs/references/javascript/clerk/handle-navigation.mdx

When users click on email links they get redirected to the URL that was provided during email link verification flow initialization. The URL will contain a couple of important query parameters added by Clerk. These are called `__clerk_status` and `__clerk_created_session`.

> The `__clerk_status` query parameter is the outcome of the verification and can take four values: **verified**, **failed**, **expired**, or **client_mismatch**. **client_mismatch** can only be a verification outcome if [Require the same device or browser](/docs/security/email-link-protection) is turned on for sign-ins or sign-ups.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `__clerk_status` query parameter is the outcome of the verification and accepts the following values: `verified`, `failed`, `expired`, or `client_mismatch`.  `client_mismatch` can only be a verification outcome if the [**Require the same device or browser**](/docs/security/email-link-protection) setting is turned on for sign-ins or sign-ups.
```
